Adding Readme (#41)
fission-codes/fission-cli: README.md

<div align="center">
  <a href="https://github.com/fission-codes/fission-cli" target="_blank">
    <img src="./assets/logo.png" alt="Fission-Cli Logo" width="100"></img>
  </a>

  <h1 align="center">Fission-Cli</h1>

  <p>
    <!-- <a href="https://github.com/fission-codes/rust-template/actions?query=">
      <img src="https://github.com/fission-codes/rust-template/actions/workflows/build.yml/badge.svg" alt="Build Status">
    </a> -->
    <a href="./LICENSE">
      <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Apache%202.0-blue.svg" alt="License-Apache">
    </a>
    <a href="https://fission.codes/discord">
      <img src="https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=Discord&message=join%20us!&color=mediumslateblue" alt="Discord">
    </a>
    <a href="https://talk.fission.codes">
      <img src="https://img.shields.io/discourse/https/talk.fission.codes/topics" alt="Discourse">
    </a>
  </p>
</div>

##

### In Progress Notice

> This repository is a rewrite of our current Cli that can be found [here](https://github.com/fission-codes/fission/tree/main/fission-cli). The progress we are making tword finishing the rewrite can be seen on [this tracking issue](https://github.com/fission-codes/fission-cli/issues/1). However, our plan is to wrap the existing binary so that the application be used (hopefully) seemlessly even while the rewrite is still in progress.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This repository is a rewrite of our current CLI that can be found [here](https://github.com/fission-codes/fission/tree/main/fission-cli). The progress we are making toward finishing the rewrite can be seen in [this tracking issue](https://github.com/fission-codes/fission-cli/issues/1). However, our plan is to wrap the existing binary so that the application be used even while the rewrite is still in progress.
```

A few copy edits and suggestions.

### What does it do?

> This Cli allows a user to publish their client-side only websites to IPFS in view it an easy way.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This CLI allows a user to publish front-end web apps to IPFS in view it an easy way.
```

Maybe call these "front-end" which is more widely used. Either "web apps" or "websites" would be alright, web apps is maybe a bit more inclusive.

#### How Do I use it?
Take a look at our [getting started](https://guide.fission.codes/developers/getting-started) page for more information.

### Contributing
Check out our [contibuting guide](./CONTRIBUTING.md) for more info surrounding how to contribute to this project.

### Working from Source

#### Dependancies

> The only dependancy is [Rust](https://www.rust-lang.org/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The only dependancy is [Rust](https://www.rust-lang.org/).
```
